Evaluator (#548)
xebia-functional/xef: evaluator-example/README.md

## Evaluator Example

This is an example of how to use the evaluator. The evaluator is a tool that 
can be used to evaluate the performance of a model on a dataset. 
It can be used to evaluate the performance of a model on a dataset, 
or to compare the performance of multiple models on a dataset.

This module contains an example that you only have to copy to your project and 
adapt to your needs. 

### Pre-requisites

You need to have the following installed:

- Poetry with Python 3.10.0

```bash
brew install poetry
```

When you have Poetry installed, you can install the dependencies. You have to
move to `evalTest` folder and execute the following command:

```bash
poetry install
```

### Usage

To try this example, you can run the following command:

```bash
./gradlew evaluator
```

> After running the command, you will see the following output on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After running the command, you will have the results saved in a web, that you can see opening the file:
```
